Add an FAQ on choice of licenses. (#110)
coq-community/manifesto: README.md

  patches from Coq developers when they introduce a breaking change (this is
  particularly recommended for plugins).

- **What license to choose for a coq-community project?**

>   The only strict requirement is to use an open source license.

Reviewer: What do we mean by open source licenses? I think we should either link to SPDX's list or to the OSI list. I would go with the either only the former or both.

Author: SPDX contains more than open source license. Yes, open source is per OSI definition. I'll add a link (https://opensource.org/licenses).

  However, if you create a new project or propose to transfer a
  project of which you are the sole copyright owner, we strongly
  encourage you to (re)license your project under one of the following
  two licenses:

  - [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/): the most

>     permissive and most popular open source license.  This is the best

Reviewer: Is MIT really the *most permissive* open source license? I thought Unlicense counted as open source...

Author: Indeed, and the Unlicense is not the only exception: the Boost license is also more permissive. I'll change "the most" to "a very".

    choice if you want to maximize reusability of your project.

  - [MPL-2.0 license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mpl-2.0/): a

>     weak copyleft license.  You can use this license if you want to

Reviewer: Is copyleft explained somewhere? Otherwise would need a link.

Author: No, I'll add a link (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyleft).

    restrict the license under which modified versions of your project
    may be distributed.  It doesn't limit how larger works may depend
    on your project.  This license should be preferred over the

>     (historically more prevalent) LGPL license because it is

Reviewer: Can we link to the most recent LGPL here maybe? Not everybody knows what it is. And it might be called "the LGPL family of licenses" (there was the library GPL, then LGPL-2.1, then LGPL-3.0).

Author: The problem with linking to the most recent LGPL version is that the actually most prevalent one in the Coq & OCaml ecosystem is version 2.1 (version 2.0 is virtually non-existent and version 3.0 is used by some). Should I put a link to the LGPL version 2.1 (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/lgpl-2.1/). The issue with adding a link is that it does not seem very compatible with the idea of changing the text to talk about the "LGPL family of licenses".

Reviewer: Yes, it makes sense to only link to LGPL-2.1 in this case, so you could write:
```
This license should be preferred over the (historically more prevalent)
[LGPL-2.1 license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/lgpl-2.1/) because it is [...]
```

  patches from Coq developers when they introduce a breaking change (this is
  particularly recommended for plugins).

- **What license to choose for a coq-community project?**

  The only strict requirement is to use an [open source
  license](https://opensource.org/licenses).  However, if you create a
  new project or propose to transfer a project of which you are the
  sole copyright owner, we strongly encourage you to (re)license your
  project under one of the following two licenses:

  - [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/): a very
    permissive and the most popular open source license.  This is the

>     best choice if you want to maximize reusability of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    best choice if you want to maximize the potential for reuse of your project.
```
Or: "maximize the reusability"

  - [MPL-2.0 license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mpl-2.0/): a
    weak [copyleft](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyleft) license.
    You can use this license if you want to restrict the license under
    which modified versions of your project may be distributed.  It

>     doesn't limit how larger works may depend on your project.  This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    does not limit how larger works may depend on your project.  This
```
Consistency of not using contractions.

  patches from Coq developers when they introduce a breaking change (this is
  particularly recommended for plugins).

- **What license to choose for a coq-community project?**

  The only strict requirement is to use an [open source
  license](https://opensource.org/licenses).  However, if you create a
  new project or propose to transfer a project of which you are the
  sole copyright owner, we strongly encourage you to (re)license your
  project under one of the following two licenses:

>   - [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/): a very
>     permissive and the most popular open source license.  This is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/): a very
    permissive and popular open source license.  This is the
```
Up to you, but this sounds a bit less artificial.
